applications: nrf_desktop: Add release note (#17518)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    The DWC2 USB device controller driver used by the nRF54H20 SoC does not support the remote wakeup capability.
  * Bootup logs with the manifest semantic version information to :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu_mcumgr` when the module is used for SUIT DFU and the SDFW supports semantic versioning (requires v0.6.2 and higher).
  * Manifest semantic version information to the firmware information response in :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu` when the module is used for SUIT DFU and the SDFW supports semantic versioning (requires v0.6.2 and higher).

>   * Missing DTS node compatible with ``zephyr,hid-device`` to nRF52840 DK in MCUboot QSPI configuration.
>     This is necessary to support HID over USB when USB next stack is selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * A missing DTS node compatible with ``zephyr,hid-device`` to the nRF52840 DK in the MCUboot QSPI configuration.
    This ensures support for HID over USB when the USB next stack is selected.
```
